24.11.21
    現在有兩個功能:
    ．Users
        ．在「Users」中可以列出所有的使用者，並且可以添加新的使用者。
        ．點擊每一列最後的箭頭按鈕，可以將使用者的詳細資訊打印出來，並且可以修改。
    ．Categories
        ．可以顯示產品所有的類別，並且可以新增、修改與刪除。

    Now there are two functions:
    ． Users
        ． All users can be listed in "Users" and new users can be added.
        ． Click the arrow button at the end of each column to print out the user's detailed information and modify it.
    ． Categories
        ． All product categories can be displayed, and can be added, modified and deleted.

24.11.21.2
    上傳DATABASE與表格關係。

    Upload DATABASE and table relationship.

24.11.22
    修改與新增了以下功能:
    ．Users:
        ．在表格中每一頁只顯示100筆數據，並且可以透過「Previous」與「Next」兩個按鈕來切換頁數。
        ．在表格中新增一個「Search」功能，當使用者輸入關鍵字後，可以透過「firstName」或「lastName」來搜尋使用者。

    ．Products:
        ．新增四種方法來搜尋商品:
            ．透過「category」與「title」(title 可以為空)來搜尋商品。
            ．透過「seller name」來搜尋商品。
            ．透過「title」來搜尋商品。[未完成]
            ．透過「price」來搜尋商品。[未完成]
        ．在表格中每一頁只顯示25筆數據，並且可以透過「Previous」與「Next」兩個按鈕來切換頁數。
        ．點擊商品前方的箭頭圖示，可以查看商品的詳細資訊。[未完成]
            ．商品的詳細資訊包含「Transaction ID」、「Product Name (title)」、「Category Name (description)」、「location」、「country」、「payment」、「price」和「ratings」。

    The following functions have been modified and added:
    ． Users:
        ． Only 100 pieces of data are displayed on each page in the table, and the number of pages can be switched through the two buttons "Previous" and "Next".
        ． Add a "Search" function to the form. After the user enters the keyword, the user can be searched by "firstName" or "lastName".

    ． Products:
        ． Four new methods have been added to search for products:
            ． Search for products by "category" and "title" (title can be empty).
            ． Search for products by "seller name".
            ． Search for products by "title". [Undone]
            ． Search for products by "price". [Undone]
        ． Only 25 pieces of data are displayed on each page in the table, and the number of pages can be switched through the two buttons "Previous" and "Next".
        ． Click the arrow icon in front of the product to view detailed information about the product. [Undone]
        ． The detailed information of the product includes "Transaction ID", "Product Name (title)", "Category Name (description)", "location", "country", "payment", "price" and "ratings".

24.11.23
    修改與新增了以下功能:
    ．Products:
        ．完成四種方法來搜尋商品。(透過「seller name」來搜尋商品似乎出了一點問題)
        ．點擊商品前方的垃圾桶圖示，可以刪除商品。
        ．點擊商品前方的鉛筆圖示，可以修改商品的詳細資訊。
            ．修改商品的詳細資訊包含「Product Name (title)」、「Category Name (description)」、「condition」、「location」、「country」、「payment」、「price」。
        ．點擊商品前方的箭頭圖示，可以查看商品的詳細資訊。
            ．商品的詳細資訊包含「Product Name (title)」、「Transaction ID」、「Category Name (description)」、「condition」、「Seller Name」、「E-Mail」、「location」、「country」、「payment」、「price」和「ratings」(如果有 ratings 的話)。
            ．若商品的 buyerID 與 cookie 中的 userID 相同，則可以對商品進行評分。
            ．新增「Buy」按鈕與「Rent」按鈕，可以對商品進行購買或租借。[功能未完成]

    ．Login:
        ．新增「Login」按鈕，可以登入使用者。
        ．新增「Logout」按鈕，可以登出使用者。
        ．新增「Register」按鈕，可以註冊使用者。

    The following functions have been modified and added:
    ． Products:
        ． Four methods to search for products have been completed. (There seems to be a problem with searching for products by "seller name")
        ． Click the trash icon in front of the product to delete the product.
        ． Click the pencil icon in front of the product to modify the detailed information of the product.
            ． The detailed information of the product to be modified includes "Product Name (title)", "Category Name (description)", "condition", "location", "country", "payment", "price".
        ． Click the arrow icon in front of the product to view detailed information about the product.
            ． The detailed information of the product includes "Product Name (title)", "Transaction ID", "Category Name (description)", "condition", "Seller Name", "E-Mail", "location", "country", "payment", "price" and "ratings" (if there are ratings).
            ． If the buyerID of the product is the same as the userID in the cookie, you can rate the product.
            ． Add "Buy" button and "Rent" button, you can purchase or rent the product. [Function not completed]

    ． Login:
        ． Add "Login" button, you can log in as a user.
        ． Add "Logout" button, you can log out as a user.
        ． Add "Register" button, you can register as a user.

24.11.24
    修改與新增了以下功能:
    ．Products:
        ．修復了透過「seller name」來搜尋商品的問題。
        ．搜尋時可以篩選掉已經被賣出的商品。
        ．為「Buy」按鈕與「Rent」按鈕新增了功能。
            ．當使用者點擊「Buy」按鈕時，會跳轉到「Buy」頁面，並且顯示商品的詳細資訊。
            ．當使用者點擊「Rent」按鈕時，會跳轉到「Rent」頁面，並且顯示商品的詳細資訊。
            ．實際上，「Buy」按鈕與「Rent」按鈕會連結到同一個頁面，只是在「Buy」頁面與「Rent」頁面的標題不同。
        ．在「Buy」頁面與「Rent」頁面中，可以勾選「Need a driver」的選項，並且可以選擇司機。

    ．Login:
        ．新增信箱的格式檢查。

    The following functions have been modified and added:
    ． Products:
        ． Fixed the problem of searching for products by "seller name".
        ． When searching, you can filter out products that have been sold.
        ． Added functions to the "Buy" button and "Rent" button.
            ． When the user clicks the "Buy" button, it will jump to the "Buy" page and display the detailed information of the product.
            ． When the user clicks the "Rent" button, it will jump to the "Rent" page and display the detailed information of the product.
            ． In fact, the "Buy" button and "Rent" button link to the same page, but the titles on the "Buy" page and "Rent" page are different.
        ． In the "Buy" page and "Rent" page, you can check the "Need a driver" option and choose a driver.

    ． Login:
        ． Add email format check.

24.11.25
    修改表格 Transactions(status) 默認值為「open」。
    修改與新增了以下功能:
    ．Launch:
        ．新增了「Launch Existing Product」與「Launch New Product」兩個功能。
        ．當使用者點擊「Launch Existing Product」時，會跳轉到「Launch Existing Product」頁面，並且可以用category與title來搜尋既有商品，點擊右方的箭頭按鈕可以編輯商品的價格，點擊 Launch 按鈕可以發布商品。
        ．當使用者點擊「Launch New Product」時，會跳轉到「Launch New Product」頁面，並且可以選擇商品的類別，並且填寫商品的詳細資訊，點擊 Launch 按鈕可以發布商品。

    ．Login:
        ．新增「Profile」按鈕，可以查看使用者的個人資訊。
        ．在 Profile 頁面中，可以查看自己發布的商品，並且可以刪除/編輯商品。
        ．在 public 資料夾中新增了「images」資料夾，用來存放共用大頭貼的圖片。
        ．在 Profile 頁面中，點擊 Edit Profile 按鈕，可以修改使用者的個人資訊。(這其實是連結到「User Details」頁面)

    ．Users
        ．新增在「Users」頁面中，可以編輯駕駛類型。

    Modify the default value of the Transactions(status) table to "open".
    The following functions have been modified and added:
    ． Launch:
        ． Added two functions "Launch Existing Product" and "Launch New Product".
        ． When the user clicks "Launch Existing Product", it will jump to the "Launch Existing Product" page, and you can search for existing products by category and title. Click the arrow button on the right to edit the price of the product, and click the Launch button to publish the product.
        ． When the user clicks "Launch New Product", it will jump to the "Launch New Product" page, and you can choose the category of the product and fill in the detailed information of the product. Click the Launch button to publish the product.

    ． Login:
        ． Add "Profile" button, you can view the user's personal information.
        ． In the Profile page, you can view the products you have published, and you can delete/edit the products.
        ． Add an "images" folder in the public folder to store images of shared avatars.
        ． In the Profile page, click the Edit Profile button to modify the user's personal information. (This is actually a link to the "User Details" page)

    ． Users
        ． Added the ability to edit driver types on the "Users" page.

24.11.26
    在 DBMS 中新增一個表格「Advertisements」，用來存放廣告的資訊。
    修改一些 UI 介面。
    修改與新增了以下功能:
    ．Advertisements:
        ．新增了「Launch Advertisement」頁面，可以新增廣告。
        ．在「Manage Advertisements」頁面中，可以新增、刪除與修改廣告。
        ．在「Manage Advertisements」頁面中，可以查看廣告的詳細資訊。
        ．在主頁面中，新增了廣告的輪播，會隨機顯示 3 個廣告。

    Add a new table "Advertisements" in the DBMS to store information about advertisements.
    Modify some UI interfaces.
    The following functions have been modified and added:
    ． Advertisements:
        ． Added the "Launch Advertisement" page, you can add advertisements.
        ． In the "Manage Advertisements" page, you can add, delete and modify advertisements.
        ． In the "Manage Advertisements" page, you can view detailed information about advertisements.
        ． In the home page, a carousel of advertisements has been added, which will randomly display 3 advertisements.

24.11.27
    修改一些 UI 介面。
    Modify some UI interfaces.

24.11.28
    修改 DBMS 中所有表格的外鍵限制式屬性，全都設置為「ON DELETE CASCADE ON UPDATE CASCADE」。
    新增 DBMS 中 Advertisements 表格一個欄位「userID」，用來存放廣告的發布者。
    修改一些 UI 介面。
    在「public」資料夾中新增了「manifest.json」檔案，用來設置 PWA 的屬性。
    在「public/images」資料夾中新增了「icons」資料夾，用來存放 PWA 的圖示。

    Modify the foreign key constraint properties of all tables in the DBMS, all set to "ON DELETE CASCADE ON UPDATE CASCADE".
    Add a field "userID" to the Advertisements table in the DBMS to store the publisher of the advertisement.
    Modify some UI interfaces.
    Add a "manifest.json" file in the "public" folder to set the properties of PWA.
    Add an "icons" folder in the "public/images" folder to store icons of PWA.